Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Ace Ventura Pet Detectives on video. Taste it. Yummy. Smell it. Do not go in there.
Woo!
Buy it. Ace Ventura Pet Detectives. Now for sale on video. Read it PG-13.
This summer wherever you find Crush, you'll find Sylvester and Queenie.
I've collected all three heads.
Just collect Crush proofs of purchase from specially marked 12 packs of 2-liter bottles,
and you can get free Sylvester and Queenie merchandise.
Oh pretty head.
Like tattoos, t-shirts, and watches.
I don't feel like a fluff drink.
So load up a irresistible fruit flavored Crush today, and
Puff for a fuck-a-puff.
Catch the Crush.
Nice and good.
Play catch the Crush, and you can win a trip to Hollywood courtesy of Crush,
continental airlines, and guest quarters hotels.
All right Sean, point out the animal that did this to you.
The beast is back. Now with 100 levels of pain at Donkey Kong.
New for Game Boy.
Introducing the all-new Super Soaker 60.
Advanced Super Soaker technology combined with a lightweight and
removable frame. All with a bigger water tank so you can hose down just about anybody.
Fix the best of both worlds, the Super Soaker 60.
Also available with pocket size 10.
Nickelodeon's planning to make a new show, but we won't be able to.
Without you, because you are going to write it. You are going to draw it.
You are going to make you to you.
So get this address.
U2U, care of Nickelodeon Studios.
P.O. Box 692229, Orlando, Florida 32869.
Include your name, age, address, and phone number.
Write your own stories and send them to U2U.
And we'll turn them into cartoons.
Draw your own pictures or new characters, and we'll put them into comic strips.
Write your own songs, and we'll make them into music videos.
Send us your jokes, drawings, poems, questions for your favorite celebrities,
blueprints for a new rocket ship, ideas for new video games, offers.
If you think we can use it, send it.
And don't be surprised if what you see is what you send.
Of course we can't use everything, and we're sorry we can't return anything you send us.
Ask your parents permission first, then send your stuff to U2U.
The only show connecting you to every you out there.
On the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
From the schoolyards and playground, they came.
The athletes of Nickelodeon Guts.
Competitive, sure.
But when it's all over, they shake hands and say,
Hi, Mom.
Don't miss the athletes of Guts when they go head to head on Nickelodeon Guts.
Every weekend at 6.35, 30 Central on the First Kid Network.
Welcome to SNCC, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
This controls the most active single drive in the boy brain.
The urge to eat.
The inarticulous major.
This is the part that connects what a boy is thinking to what a boy is saying.
With her hair like that, she really looks cute.
She looks great.
She looks U2U.
What are you thinking?
Are you hungry?
They're still working out the kinks on that one.
And there's the built-in hyperlocomotus.
This controls high motor skills like running, jumping, air guitar.
It's at the same time.
That's about it for my research on the boy brain.
But beware.
My theory is that when one boy brain is placed within close proximity to another boy brain,
near total brainlessness can occur.
We're actually reduced to rating cute seniors.
Hey, better a cheap thrill than no thrill at all.
Besides, next up is Clifford Splienhofer.
I can't rate Clifford.
Why not?
Well, he's kind of on a scale of his own.
Fools.
Blind, pettable fools.
First I print the wit and wisdom of Ferguson W. Darling.
Then I strategically place a hundred copies around the school for distribution.
How will my voice be heard if no one dares to listen?
I'm sorry. Did you say something?
No, Clifford. What have you been up to?
Same as always.
Detention of the doughnut huts.
I wish. Every day it's the same thing.
Kids follow me, ask me stuff, it takes hours.
Sometimes they even form a line by the bike rack.
I thought the whole school was afraid of you.
That's the problem.
I don't get it.
It's always Clifford. How do I scare my little brother?
Clifford, how do I fake my parent's signature?
Clifford, where can I find an affordable pair of brass knuckles?
It's a big responsibility.
And responsibility always does one thing to me.
Makes you hungry? How'd you guess?
Are you still here?
I know I'm gone.
I have watched Godzilla, Jaws and Aliens
a combined total of 367 times.
And how will now watch Clifford eat?
Adieu.
So, what do you think? Pizza?
Sure.
Less piteous again.
You know, understanding parts of Clifford's personality
is as easy as pie.
As in large with extra cheese, pepperoni, onions, pizza.
I don't know.
But nothing makes me hungrier than downing a couple of slices.
Okay, you can relax now. It's all set.
What are you talking about?
Get ready for the biggest television event since McNeil met Lair.
Do you want something good on me?
Not yet, but there will be.
In fact, I just cut a deal with the local cable access company.
You mean you paid the standard fee for public access
that anyone can pay?
Maybe.
Bottom line, every day for the next week,
I will own, run and operate my very own
public access television series.
I can see it now. All dweeb network.
You're going to star on TV?
No, you're going to star on TV.
Me? Him?
You, baby. You.
Cliff, here's the pitch. Cliff, can I call you Cliff?
No.
Decisive.
I like that. Cliff, I heard about your little problem.
The kids are nuts about you.
They want to hear you speak.
Put together my brains and your...
self.
And I think we're looking at 3B entertainment.
3B?
Big, big, big. Cliff, what do you say?
Give it up.
I don't know. TV?
Sounds like a lot of work.
Work? A mere 15 minutes a day.
Well, compare that with the time you'd spend
giving advice at the schoolyard.
I can see 15 minutes on TV a day
or nine hours by the bike rack each week.
That's...
Well, it's got to be less, right?
Park number one, Cliff.
You can stop listening any time.
Be on my show, and I'll give you free donuts,
a primo parting space for your bike,
and maybe even school credit.
Free donuts?
He can't deliver half the stuff he's promising.
Think of all the babes we'll be watching.
Free donuts and babes.
Hey, hey, hey!
Clifford, I can't believe you'd even think about doing this.
Say you'll do it.
I'll do it.
Excellent.
Stick with me, kid. I'm going to make you a star.
Great.
Whenever Ferguson gets near something I like,
it always ends up making me sick.
Well, it's only for a week.
How much damage can he do in a week?
Are you sure you don't want any help with that?
Ferguson, for the millionth time,
this is a delicate piece of equipment,
and it has to be used in a very special way.
Okay?
Now, if I can only remember what that way is.
Boy, this thing's a lot trickier than it looks.
Oh.
There we go.
Well, it's a lot trickier than it looks to me anyway.
Well, if it don't work, plug it in.
So, what do I do?
Just love the camera.
Okay.
Whoa, whoa, hold the phone. This is a closed set.
Oh, come on, Ferguson.
All right, but if you're here just to make fun,
you're gonna have to leave.
Ferg, please, we're here for emotional support.
You ready, Ferguson?
Ferg, goodbye.
Okay, uh, ready?
Stay loose, big guy. Be who you are,
because you're the most qualified.
Got it?
I guess.
Okay.
Uh, ready and action.
Action means go.
Oh, okay.
We'll try it again.
Ready and go.
Okay.
Uh, Clifford, go means do something.
I am doing something.
I'm being myself.
Yes.
Yes, true.
True.
Great.
But, um, this time, do whatever you're doing,
only do it out loud.
Say whatever you're thinking.
Oh.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, do something.
Hey, you ever wonder how comes Spick
can hang out of your mouth?
I mean, like, just before it hits your little sister,
you suck it back up.
How come that isn't recognized as an organized sport?
I mean, Sanker and I swimming is.
Well, you could do it after school.
Most places, so why not cool stuff like dribbling spit?
Great, Cliffy, great.
Um, my...
Well, um, I've always been a fan of free-form poetry.
I thought it was very descriptive.
So, what'd you think?
Pretty great, huh?
Um, Clifford, I mean, is that really the way
you want to look on TV?
Okay, okay.
I'll comb my hair, but I'm not using moose.
No, no.
Clifford, you don't understand.
Um, I think this could be a big mistake.
The whole show?
The whole show.
That's just because you're a girl.
Ferguson was right.
There are forces trying to keep the male point of you off TV.
I hate to be critical, but that was totally beat.
They're gonna look like fools.
It's nothing new for Ferguson.
Clifford?
His only hope is a quick cancellation.
It's on, it's on!
Oh, I can't watch.
It's Boythorne, starring Ferguson Darling
and Clifford Spleenhofer.
Hofer.
A thousand hearts.
I can't believe it.
That's your brother.
He's even more impulsive than he is in person.
Thank you.
I'm Ferguson Darling and this is Boythorne's.
On my left is the fella you know, respect,
and soon we'll speak with, directly,
Mr. Clifford Spleenhofer.
And now, here's Clifford.
Anytime today, big fella.
It's a two-syllable word. It starts with an H.
Hi.
It's a start.
Poor Clifford. You tried to warn him.
Okay.
Let's start with something you're a little more comfortable with.
Cliff, forget about the camera.
What's on your mind?
Soup.
What?
I hate soup.
You can't chew it.
You can't drink it.
And it never fills you up.
Soup. Total ripoff.
And you know what else?
Don't let me stop you.
They ought to have this big contest
when a winner gets to set off this huge mudslide
using dynamite.
That'd be cool.
Hey, you know why I'd enter.
And there's still one thing I can't figure out.
Lay it on me.
Okay.
The crew on Star Trek is pretty tough, right?
Could they beat the Dallas Cowboys in football?
Yeah.
But then a fight.
After.
You know, to make it even.
This is scary.
Is that all guys think about?
I have four brothers.
If you think that's bad,
why don't you hear the way they talk about girls?
Now, Cliff, let's talk about girls.
Okay.
You know what bugs me about them?
Why do they always giggle so much
when all that I said was hi?
I don't get it.
And why do they always go to the mall and pass?
Do they get discounts for that?
These are the questions that matter.
But now, Cliff,
isn't there something that really bugs you about girls?
Like what?
Oh, I don't know.
Let's keep it hypothetical.
Now, say, for instance,
that you knew a girl named Blurrissa.
Uh-huh.
And say she had this friend
who we'll call her Bolivia.
Ranked cute senior boys.
Now, dated practice, you say.
Well, say this list actually looked like this.
Can I get a close-up here?
How'd they get that?
I thought you threw it out.
I thought you did.
As the voice of our generation,
what do you call these two lone heads?
You heard it here first.
Straight from Clifford himself,
Blurrissa and Bolivia.
Boneheads.
That's all the time we have for today.
Tune in tomorrow.
Assuming you're going to live that long.
Two boy thoughts.
Bye-bye.
Boy thoughts is owned, run,
and operated by Ferguson Darling.
Any resemblance of anyone to anyone living or dead
is purely coincidental.
Hey, Bolivia.
Yeah, Blurrissa?
You thinking what I'm thinking?
Yep.
When Purgua gets home,
his resemblance to anyone dead
will not be coincidental.
More Clarissa.
More Snick.
After this.
This summer, wherever you find Crush,
you'll find Sylvester and Tweety.
I collect all Tweety Tads.
Just collect Crush proofs of purchase
from specially marked 12 packs
and 2-liter bottles,
and you can get free Sylvester
and Tweety merchandise.
Oh, Tweety Tads.
Like tattoos, t-shirts, and watches.
Doesn't feel like a fluff drink.
So load up on irresistible
fruit-flavored Crush today
and puff for a fuck-a-puff.
Catch the Crush.
Not the bud.
Play Catch the Crush,
and you can win a trip to Hollywood,
courtesy of Crush,
continental airlines,
and guest-boarders' hotels.
New Super Game Boy from Nintendo.
Play your Game Boy games on TV
in living color.
Combine YouTube's control
and change
all 350 Game Boy games
like new Donkey Kong.
No Super Game Boy for SNES.
It's a whole new way to play.
Clean.
Sit.
Here.
Give.
There's a lot of things
kids can do.
You could go to a shelter
and help serve the food.
You don't need clothing to
or charity and stuff.
You can also help by recycling.
You can even clean your sidewalk.
Help.
Nickelodeon wants to know
how your health is.
You might be doing things
that we've never even thought of.
So write them down
and send them to
Nickelodeon PO Box 2626,
New York, New York,
108.
And with your help,
Nickelodeon will make
a giant list.
So kids everywhere
can find out new ways
to make a difference.
Kids can help when
time passes.
Definitely.
You could ask the people
not to give you
like plastic spoons
and forks.
You can help
the elderly people
by lending an ear.
You can help kids
across the street
or you can read
a book to them
if they like.
You could help
an animal
by adopting it.
Help.
You're watching.
Nick.
And now
back to Clarissa
explains it all.
Okay, it wasn't bad enough.
I got humiliated on television.
But now
the impossible has happened.
Boy, thoughts is a hit.
All week long
I've been having the feeling
this is leading up
to something big.
Brought to you by
Ferguson's tiny little brain.
Here's a look
at the countdown so far.
On Tuesday
they explored their
innermost thoughts
and feelings on
beverage products.
Now that's
what I call
a quality burp.
It says
high carbonation
and just the right amount of syrup.
And the classic can taste.
On Wednesday
Clifford spoke
directly with his fans.
On the phone
we have Billy from
Idol Park.
Billy,
what's your question
for Clifford?
My brother farted
in my face.
I have toy trucks.
Sure.
He loves that stuff.
Does your dad
have a toolbox?
Yeah.
Okay.
Listen carefully.
First you take
Thursday
rating scar rocketing
as Clifford went
into true confessions mode.
I keep having this dream
where I'm late for school
and I'm running.
You know,
to catch up to the school bus
and I'm not wearing any pants.
One day
I'm just gonna do it.
And then,
you know,
I won't keep having this dream anymore.
That was beautiful, man.
Hi.
They ran out of things
to talk about
so they introduced
Science Corner
where Clifford
tested how far
he could make Captain Action Fly
using nothing but his wits,
a lighter
and his brother's
old chemistry set.
They're still working out
a way to get back at them.
She's out at the cable company
right now demanding
equal time.
As for boy thoughts,
tonight's the big show.
The show Ferguson claims
will be the ultimate episode.
Personally,
I'm afraid to think
about the possibilities.
How'd it go?
Not so hot.
The cable access people
are booked solid.
Mimsy Dimmsdale
stacked the last
decent time slot.
What's Mimsy Dimmsdale
gonna do
with the show
for stupid stuffed animal
collection?
Who cares?
We'll all scratch our plans
for getting on TV.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
Ego swelling on the horizon.
I'll catch you later.
So, which one do you think?
Which one do I think what?
Should I wear it
for the show tonight?
I don't know, Cliff.
They're both so pungent.
Thanks.
Are you mad about something?
What?
Me?
No.
Mad?
Why?
Yeah, I am.
I've been doing this
whole week as boy thoughts.
So what?
So you've been doing it
with Ferguson.
You two don't belong together.
It's like
pizza and sauerkraut.
I eat that.
No, you don't understand.
I don't like what you're becoming.
He's manipulating you.
Hey, I go my own way.
You might be going it alone
without me.
You might want to think about that.
All right.
I will.
But right now,
I gotta split.
What?
Sorry, sis.
That's showbiz.
That does it.
As far as I'm concerned,
that boy's out of this girl's
thoughts.
Or good.
Basically,
it's about the difference
between boys and girls.
Oh.
Well, we can't talk about that again
if you want.
See, when a man and a woman
love each other...
No, Mom.
We already had that talk.
This is about...
Well, what do you do
when you get really mad at somebody?
Well, it depends
how mad you are
and who you're mad at.
Pretty mad.
And clippered.
This wouldn't have been
who'd do with boy thoughts, would it?
Yeah.
I mean,
look at what he's become.
Well, sweetheart,
we don't necessarily know
what he's become.
Maybe he'll pass right through
this honest way to becoming
something you'll like.
Maybe.
Is there any way to make sure
you're not mad?
Well, if you really care,
the best way I know how to
influence someone
is to stick around them.
So you think I should
give him another chance?
Couldn't hurt.
Okay.
But just one.
Well, there you go.
And he better not blow it.
Well, he's blowing it.
Clifford was supposed
to meet me here
10 minutes ago
and he's late.
Waiting for Cliff?
That could take a while.
What?
Hey, wardrobe
and makeup calls.
Clifford doesn't wear
makeup.
And his wardrobe consists
of T-shirt, jean
and boot ensemble.
He's worn since sixth grade.
Not tonight, he won't.
I've got some very important
people coming to tonight's
taping.
We hit it big
and we could go national.
Good.
Let's hope that nation is
Brazil.
Yeah, you'll say you knew me
when.
Are you kidding?
I'm sorry.
I know you now.
The show can't possibly go
on national TV.
Ferguson and Clifford?
In front of the whole
country?
Night after night after
night?
We're back again
with Bobo the Psychic
Monkey.
The Psychic Monkey
Now, I understand that you
can't stay.
You knew that before I did.
Hell!
And now our next guest is
the author of the book
everyone is talking about.
The world according to
Clarissa.
Yes, indeed.
Now, Ferg.
Ferg.
That wasn't even a joint.
Makes no difference to me.
All right then.
Let's bring her out.
Meet Miss Clarissa Darlin.
Tell us about your book.
Well, Clifford.
I've always been interested
in expressing myself
and I thought this was a good
opportunity to...
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's all the time we have
for now.
Good night.
Just had his chance.
I'm going down to the studio.
Let him know we're through.
Live and in person.
For me, it says
Rush Limbaugh.
In the place.
So this is where the magic happens.
Yeah, right?
You want to tell him now
or after the show?
I don't want to hang around here.
I think I'll get it over with.
All right.
Here's the topics for tonight, big guy.
Stick to them like cheese on a burger.
Written down?
You never had to write them down before.
Relax.
It's just for tonight.
You know, for the sponsors.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I got a pre-tape from commercials.
Commercials?
That's right, sis.
I got sponsors lined up
from here to next Tuesday.
You ready, Ralphie?
You got it, Chase.
In five, four, three, two, and...
Good evening.
I'm Ferguson Darlin
with the word from our first sponsor,
the dog food that fights black.
Clifford, I have to talk to you about something.
It's about us.
Huh?
Okay, in just a minute, though.
What is this stuff?
Who cares?
I'm trying to tell you something.
This stuff does look familiar.
What do you mean?
Clifford, this is the same stuff
that was in the wit and wisdom
of Ferguson W. Darling.
That stupid newsletter
Ferguson printed up
and nobody wanted to read.
My thoughts on stamp collecting?
My thoughts on state capitals?
My thoughts on savings?
I don't think about any of this stuff.
It all makes sense.
Ferguson creates this popular show
with this popular puppet boy.
Hey.
And once he's got a big, fat audience...
Boy thoughts becomes fur thoughts?
Okay, I know just what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna pound him.
And remember, clean as a hound's tooth
never meant so much until there was puppo.
We'll be right back with our show.
One down, 11 to go.
Hi, Cliff, baby.
You ready to do your stuff?
You bet.
You little creep.
You just wanted me to read
your little newsletter, didn't you?
You didn't care about my thoughts.
Just my status.
My aura.
My cachet.
Mine.
Genesis Qua.
Right, Clarissa.
He does have a vocabulary.
Clifford, you really don't want
to hurt me, do you?
Oh, yes, I do.
Now, what would hurt the most?
Try his ego.
Yeah.
I think you might be right.
You're on in 15 seconds.
Bergwad.
Goodbye.
Where are you going?
I'm leaving the show.
Call it creative differences.
You'll never work in this town again.
Five seconds.
Oh, that's okay.
People respond to me.
I'm here.
No problem.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
And five, four, three, two.
Good evening.
I'm Ferguson Darling with our new
and improved boy thoughts.
Now let's get down to the topics
you want to talk about.
Topic number one.
Jess, the manly advantage.
Don't be shy.
Call in now.
Tell me what you think.
Yes.
Oh, he's on hiatus.
You want infotainment?
Talk to me.
Next call.
Things are open.
Next caller.
Anytime today, folks.
$5 to the next caller.
Now we're talking.
Boy thoughts.
Hi, little man on television.
Man, Dory, jeez.
Wrong number.
Excuse me.
Please, you've got to help me.
I've got 12 sponsors out there.
I've got to deliver something.
Anything.
Hey, we got dead air time here.
I believe I'm begging.
Begging with dignity.
Yes, but begging.
I'll not be seen tonight
so we can bring in the special presentation.
Welcome to not a thought between us
starring Clarissa Darling and Olivia Dupre.
Tonight's topic, the boy brain.
Threat or menace.
Call in now and let us know what you think.
Hi, guys.
How was the movie?
I liked it, but they didn't blow up
enough cars for Clifford's taste.
How can they not blow up cars?
It's a movie.
I bet you kids get swamped everywhere you go
now that you're big deal TV stars.
X TV stars.
I'm through with boy thoughts.
Besides, we're yesterday's news.
You should see what everybody's into now.
Plush thoughts starring Mimsy Dimmesdale.
I don't get it myself,
but the kids love it.
We're talking for be entertainment here.
Plush thoughts.
Don't look at me, Mom.
When it comes to the TV,
I'm glad to be off the air.
Hey, Pete here with my brother, Pete,
trying to figure out if it would be better
to have a head the size of a fist
or a watermelon.
I'm leaning towards fist.
More inconspicuous.
Quarter-melon all the way.
Now, stay tuned for the adventures of Pete and Pete.
Next on Nick.
At Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
A snake after this.
Nick's for you today.
Tomorrow, the day after that.
For Labor Day.
On Washington's birthday.
On your birthday.
On Mother's Day.
Father's Day.
Stay home from school.
Sick day.
On Thanksgiving Day.
The first day of spring.
On a snow day.
On Memorial Day.
Stay home from school
when you're not really sick day.
On Valentine's Day.
On a summer day.
On Columbus Day.
But not on April Fool's Day.
Just kidding.
Nick is every day.
Now, Ace Ventura Pet Detectives on video.
Taste it.
Yummy.
Smell it.
Do not go in there.
Woo!
Buy it.
Ace Ventura Pet Detectives.
Now for sale on video.
Read it PG-13.
There's Super Soaker XP-75.
Where XP means extra power.
If you twice the water and reloads quicker
than regular Super Soakers.
This is the Super Soaker XP-75.
One of the most powerful Super Soakers in the world.
Do you feel lucky?
Super Soaker XP.
The next generation.
Available in 75, 150 and 250 models.
Stop this here.
Right-pasting time.
Really, really good stuff.
I've been surfing for about a year now.
You have to work really hard
for about two hours
to be a good surfer.
To practice getting up on your board
and balancing.
When I first started I could hardly stand up on my board.
Now I stand up and do a lot of stuff.
Like getting up on my board.
Just the feeling of it.
Feeling of getting up on your board.
And I kept on going.
From the schoolyards and playground.
They came.
In the athletes of Nickelodeon Guts.
Competitive, sure.
But when it's all over
they shake hands and say hi mom.
Don't miss the athletes of Guts
when they go head-to-head on Nickelodeon Guts.
Every weekend at 6.30, 5.30 Central
on the First Kids Network.
Every night,
when you're sound asleep
something strange happens.
Not only do your eyeballs keep moving
even though your eyes are closed
but the world keeps moving too.
Somewhere, far away
kids will never meet or climbing trees
riding bikes
and melting garter snakes
while you're fast asleep.
Maybe that's what bugs my brother Pete.
While he's stuck in bed
the world keeps going on
without him.
It's as if millions of kids
got a head start in a race
and Pete never had a chance to catch up.
Which was exactly the way
our mom wanted to keep it.
That's why every night
at precisely 9 o'clock
a wriggly nightly ritual begins.
Honey, it's bedtime.
Why?
Because it's 9 o'clock
and that's what time growing boys go to sleep.
Mom's first reason for making Pete go to bed
was always the easiest to counter.
After all, what is there
an international chart that dictates
what time all ten-year-olds should go to bed?
9 o'clock. Why not 9-11
or 9-42?
Do we have to go through this every night?
I just want to know why.
Because 9 o'clock is your bedtime.
But why?
And that's when she'd say
the six deadly words
that make every kid's guts boil.
Because I said so. That's why.
And just like that
it's over.
But one night,
as I watched my brother climb the stairs to his bedroom cell
I knew that it was more than just time for bed.
It was time for Pete to shatter
adults' grisly grip of power on the world
and free kids everywhere.
After ten years,
four months,
and 27 days,
my brother Pete had reached his breaking point.
The injustice of bedtime
was no longer acceptable to him.
Pete was convinced that the bedtime rule
was part of the international adult conspiracy
which operated in secret
and kept adults in control.
Well, I'll tell you what I do, Nancy.
I buy the two percent
and I tell them it's whole milk.
They never know the difference.
Hey, what they don't know can't hurt them.
And even though Pete discovered
why his cereal tastes like sludge,
the bedtime rule remained a mystery.
One more 9 o'clock bedtime
and Pete would have imploded
he needed a scheme
and he needed it fast.
And Pete being Pete,
he knew just where to look.
He unleashed his plot on an unsuspecting world
the very next night
during a game of flashlight tag in our backyard.
Put in on his final victim.
Good night, Clem.
It's 9 o'clock, Pete.
That's enough for tonight.
It's bedtime.
Pete knew it was now
or never.
No!
Know what, honey?
No, I'm not going to bed.
I feel like going to bed.
Oh, don't be silly, pumpkin.
It's wet out here.
Come on, let's go.
I said no.
I said yes.
And I don't like the tone in your voice, young man.
Love it!
The battle lines had been drawn.
Mom knew that the next move was hers
so her brain kicked into strategic mom defense mode.
Would she try reverse psychology,
a maneuver she was famous for,
or would she stall, bribe him,
or go for the jugular and bring dad into it?
You want to stay up late?
Fine.
She went with the old standby.
And how late would that be?
9.15, 9.30?
Later!
Well, why bother coming inside at all?
Why don't you just stay up all night?
Okay.
Mom was stunned.
Pete had called her bluff.
And mom knew right away
that the only way out of her pickle
was with the deadly double bluff.
Why stop there?
How about two nights?
How about 11?
11 days without sleep?
Yup, I'm going to break the world record.
Is that so?
Well, have a nice time.
Pete had won.
And his master plan was quickly made clear
to claim for kids everywhere
the Ghibli's world record for sleeplessness.
Set in 1962 by 56-year-old housewife
Bertha Van Hooten.
If Pete could pull it off,
he'd move to mom and the entire known world
that when it came to bedtime
he could play by his own rules.
Pete's friends were so inspired
by the idea of staying up 11 days
past their bedtime
that they too decided to go for the record.
But what none of them realized
was that they were playing right into
the razor-sharp claws of the
international adult peace spirit.
My, uh, lippy's gonna learn
what lesson you just reach.
11 days.
I give them 11 hours tops.
That choice.
I kind of handed to her.
I never would have thought of this one.
Of course not.
No parent would.
No parent could.
Because a plan so brilliant,
so perfectly perfect as Pete's
could only have come from those
who knew the bitter taste of being powerless.
Plan.
Natasha.
Purvis.
In the world.
We are those.
Snappy name, my little vikings.
Sonna happy.
You know why we're here.
You know what we gotta do.
11 days.
No sleep.
Not even naps.
Think you can handle it, pink eye.
Purvis.
We're a team.
Not in your eye.
Nah.
I'm fine.
Natasha's right.
We gotta stick together.
Write the record.
You need a witness.
No witness, no record.
Get it?
Get it? Got it? Good.
Cake.
This is gonna be cake.
Let's do it!
Do it they did.
They were sleepless suburban commandos
who ruled the night and turned it into day.
After Artie showed them how to skip stones on Neptune
The night crawlers got their second wind
and rode it.
One, two, three, four.
But around 2.47 a.m.
the mighty god of sleep sang a thumb-sucking lullaby
that KO'd Purvis.
Evacuate!
While Purvis and the rest of the world slumbered
the night crawlers crawled on
and soon the crickets that usually lulled Cranston Street to sleep
were replaced by a different sound.
But around 18 hours later
the nightlife began to take its toll
on parents.
Well, Stan, I'm not really worried.
I mean, I wouldn't really call it worried.
It's just, oh, gosh, is it really 11 o'clock?
Relax, Nancy.
They can't possibly last much longer.
I mean, Purvis didn't even make it five hours.
You know, I never liked that kid.
Any minute now
my Libby's gonna come walking through that door.
Any minute now.
She's 10 years old for crying out loud.
How much longer can she stay awake?
It was obvious that adults just didn't get it.
Their kids weren't just 10-year-olds.
They were night crawlers.
Go fish, go fish!
Go fishing.
Libby figured out that every time she felt sleepy
all she had to do was glance at the sun
and she'd blow the snooze right out of it.
Fuck, I'll hold you for a while.
My eyes came close.
Good idea.
Huh?
Meanwhile, Pink Eye opted for Fig Newly power.
The bite-sized Newly's had double the sugar
of regular cookies, meaning, of course,
twice the sugar rush.
And while Pink Eye spent her days
ricocheting around the neighborhood
like an 84-pound pinball,
Artie spent his nights
boogalooing to the beat of a Fred Star 2000.
The portable AM-FM radio he borrowed from Purvis' bike.
Not only did the music keep them awake,
but Artie discovered that at night
the Crab Star picked up radio stations
from as far away as New Orleans,
Old Tucson, and Düsseldorf.
But just when the night crawlers were finding
the perfect rhythm to keep them going one more night...
Double my troupe-a-doors!
Double!
Danger was upon me.
The adventures of Pete & Pete
will be right back on Snick.
Tonight, the Roundhouse takes on
technology, electronics that will stupefy any dad.
Well, well, well...
All right!
He sees it fit up your nose
and high-tech party mufflers
when Nick takes you to the Roundhouse on Snick.
Getting the game?
Up to Robsom if you think this is a game.
No way, but this is.
Blockbuster Video gives you more action
for challenges.
The newest and hottest video games you crave.
Someday you'll realize, young man,
life is a challenge, not a game.
Well, now it's both at Blockbuster Video
where the challenge never ends.
All right, son, point out the animal that did this to you.
The beast is bad.
Now with 100 levels of pain.
Donkey Kong.
New for Game Boy.
Who keeps Nickelodeon on the air,
making sure the shows get from here to there?
A superhero. No one greater.
He's doing local cable operation.
The next signal is sent from kids' headquarters every day.
Get it to them fast!
He cries without delay!
The signal is set 22,000 miles into space,
bounced off a satellite at a fantastic pace,
caught by a giant fish at our hero's place,
then sent by a cable right into your face.
Your local cable operator. Come with me!
Delivering Nickelodeon every day.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete,
as stick continues.
Except for Purvis's thumb-sucking sidewalk snooze,
the first 96 hours of the Nightcrawler's mission
had gone perfectly.
But then, during hour 97, calamity struck.
It was pink-eyed, crashing from the worst sugar rush
since Glen Hoover ate 17 candy apples
at the fireman's field day.
There was nothing they could do
because everyone knew the terrible truth,
like a fish flopping on a dock.
Pink-eyed was like goner.
Young, Suprave!
So sleepy!
She was a mad sugar high!
Certainly done pinkily.
The loss of another denizen of the night
crawler's like a sucker punch.
I needed a wonderful morning!
Dawn was better!
That's nice. Bye-bye.
And even though it seemed like the standoff
would go on forever,
the pressure was finally starting to get to the grown-ups.
Because they knew if the bedtime rule
were put to bed, it could start a domino effect
that would ripple all the way down Cranston Street.
What do they want next, Fred?
A band on cauliflower at dinner?
Worse, a mandate against making their beds.
I need my bromide.
I know, my Morty.
You know what you want to do?
Drive.
Still, the international adult conspiracy
was as sneaky as ever,
especially Mom, who took up a sudden interest in astronomy.
What are you looking at, Mom?
Oh, well, I'll be the rings of Jupiter.
It was clear that the mind-warping effects
of 164 hours without sleep were getting to everyone.
Radio! The radio!
Wake up, Petunia!
Don't junk out the rest of it.
Is it raining?
I haven't seen it rain, so why is the grass so wet?
Libby!
Libby was lost.
Somehow, she'd wandered into Mrs. Chacuti's backyard
and couldn't get out.
All she needed was one solar-powered sneeze,
and she'd snap right out of it.
Unfortunately, Libby had one huge problem.
The sun was on a lunch break.
The stare down went on for hours,
but I guess Mr. Sun was feeling a little low-key after lunch.
He never came out to play, and in the end...
When?
Mr. Sun wimped out.
They found her around dinner time,
catching Z's under Mrs. Chacuti's bird bath.
You're next, kid. You're going down.
Wax my nose hair!
Suddenly, adults were gaining the upper hand,
because by nights eight and nine,
the night crawlers started dropping...
like flies.
That's a crazy, crazy pile!
My, my!
Wamp it! Wamp it!
What the heck?!
Don't look, boy! Don't look!
Just once.
And then there were two.
It all came down to the final night.
If Pete and Artie could hold on for nine more hours,
the balance of power in the Wrigley household
might shift forever.
The stakes had never been higher.
For Cranston Street and for the world.
Give in.
Be strong! Tackle face by, sleep is for the puny.
It's un-piped.
I, I, I gotta keep moving, Artie!
Yes, and I challenge you, my friend,
to a game of tag.
Of the flashlight variety.
With the Krebstarr 2000 pumping fresh funk into his cortex,
Artie's ready for action.
I don't believe you can catch me for I am super freaky.
Artie easily outmaneuvers a sleepy Pete
with his patented slide and glide technique.
Until...
Shake a night, Artie.
Come on, Artie.
Artie!
You can do it.
The strongest man in the earth.
Come on, Artie.
Artie was in super sleep.
A dream state reserved only for superheroes.
And as Artie bit the dust,
so did my brother Pete's dream.
It's over.
He had come so close.
There were only 53 minutes left.
But Pete was all out of wins.
His energy had been sucked dry.
And worst of all, he had no more witnesses.
You okay, Pumpkin?
Yeah, never been better.
So what are you waiting for?
Aren't you gonna rub it in?
Is that what you think I want to do?
Make you feel bad?
Well, I don't.
Pete, you're my little boy.
And I make rules for you.
Because I love you.
Um, what?
You know, I guess afraid you're growing up too fast.
Smell like I can help it.
Yeah, me neither.
What, did you think I was gonna stay ten years old forever?
What do you say we settle on a new bedtime?
You bluffin'.
How about ten o'clock?
Ten-thirty.
Ten-fifteen.
Eleven. Okay, ten-fifteen's good.
Where are you going?
It's bedtime, right?
You still have forty-nine minutes.
Forget it.
My last witness is Lala.
No, she's not.
Tag. You're it.
So that's how the battle over bedtime finally ended.
After eleven days and nights,
both Pete and Mom understood that change is inevitable.
Whether you're talking about rules, records, or ten-year-old boys.
And even though the world will keep moving and changing without us,
on one special night,
my brother Pete scored a victory in the name of kids everywhere.
And for a while at least, he could sleep soundly.
Oh, hello, everyone. Stimpy here.
And do you smell what I smell?
Is it old socks? Is it rancid milk?
Wait, I know.
That's the unmistakable odor of my lovable pal, Ren.
That means Ren and Stimpy is next.
Oh, I snick for joy.
An object in motion.
Continue.
Nick Days.
Brought to you by Bergus and Darling Charm School.
It's Saturday.
She'll, she'll, she'll lie.
Second.
And it's Nickelodeon's half-weight.
Many have witnessed his awesome power.
It is a strategic device of immense importance.
It can bring into range an entire nation, a single neighborhood,
or any segment of the populace.
And most remarkable of all, it's growing even stronger.
As advertisers and viewers use it in record numbers.
From Main Street to Madison Avenue, America's sold on cable.
Call TKR Advertising Sales today at 885-380.
Welcome to the action at First Place.
Located in the Bridgewater Commons Mall in Bridgewater,
First Place has got everything you need for a great time out.
First Place offers incredible lunches and dinners,
as well as some latest sports actions.
Happy hour orders and drink specials will keep you coming back for more.
Before you head out the door,
think of First Place for a fun time at a reasonable price.
First Place is located in the Bridgewater Commons Mall in Bridgewater.
Twice milk chocolate, twice.
And that could be crunched twice.
You get one great snack after another.
Look, it's Jeff Armstrong.
He's eating apple jacks.
He's cool.
We'll see.
I'll look out and see if he's white.
Hi, Jeff.
Hi, Amy.
Call me stupid, but if you named it Applejack,
shouldn't it taste like, well, apple soup?
Pretty.
That is why it came so good.
Well, I know it all.
Why?
Just soup.
Yeah.
Kellogg's Applejack is part of this complete breakfast.
I don't know what she's eating.
We will be late.
Nickelodeon's planning to make a new show.
But we won't be able to.
Without you.
Because you are gonna write it.
You are gonna draw it.
You are gonna make you to you.
So get this address.
U-T-U, care of Nickelodeon Studios.
P.O. Box 692229, Orlando, Florida 32869.
Include your name, age, address and phone number.
Write your own stories and send them to U-T-U.
And we'll turn them into cartoons.
Draw your own pictures or new characters.
And we'll put them into comic strips.
Write your own songs.
And we'll make them into music videos.
Send us your jokes, drawings, poems,
questions for your favorite celebrities,
blueprints for a new rocket ship,
ideas for new video games, offers.
If you think we can use it, send it.
And don't be surprised if what you see is what you sent.
Of course we can't use everything.
And we're sorry we can't return anything you send us.
Ask your parents permission first.
Then send your stuff to U-T-U.
The only show connecting U to every U out there.
On the only network for U, Nickelodeon.
Captain's log, emergency report.
We are fast being sucked into the hideous vortex
of a black hole.
Rocket engines are useless.
We are trying everything, even manual override.
But to no avail.
Our ship port computer suggests one last alternative.
If I tell you alive,
session blood, not wax.
Do you realize we're the first dog and cat
to pass through a black hole and live?
To tell the tale.
And now, here we are in this wondrous new universe,
completely unaffected by the journey.
Okay cadets, team people.
We'd better scout around and do some exploring.
See if you can get some readings on your tricorder.
Yes, sir.
We'll split up.
Good idea.
What a great couple of guys he is.
Pull yourself together, misters.
Captain's log.
Gretz, Dimpy and myself now explore this strange new universe.
A place with a very physical laws of nature.
Do not apply.
I'm afraid it's having some strange effect on us.
Boy, Cap'n, I'm pooped.
Okay, we'll rest here.
I'm pooped too.
I gotta sit down.
Man, it feels good to sit down.
Boy, you said it, Cap'n.
We lay that nose-picking cadet.
Yes, sir. Captain, sir.
Captain's log.
Cadet's Dimpy and I have begun to adapt
to our strange surroundings.
In fact, we feel strangely energized
and have picked up our pace a bit.
Hey cadet's Dimpy, let's climb that mountain
so we can learn the lay of the land.
Aye aye, Cap'n.
Captain's log.
Cadet's Dimpy and myself have set out
for the mysterious distant mountain.
The closer we get to the mountain,
the more we notice an odour.
A disgusting yet familiar odour.
A stench, if you will.
We are beckoned no compelled
by the repugnant yet somehow delicious aroma.
Must keep going.
Must give up.
Hey, Dimpy.
You made it. Now I see from whence this stench came.
I think I can see our house from here.
Why, it's nothing but a mountain of stinky old gym socks.
It's my missing left sock.
I've been looking for this everywhere.
I've got one just like it at home.
We cats love stinky socks.
Left sock. Left sock. That's it.
These are all left socks.
This is where all the missing left socks in the universe go.
For retrieving all the world's lost left socks,
we give you a million dollars
and the Nobel Peace Prize.
Hey, Cap'n. This space-time doohickey says
if we don't get to the trans-dimensional gateway by three o'clock,
we'll be trapped here forever.
Thank you, Herr President.
It's my pleasure. Three o'clock!
That's five minutes!
How far away is the nearest gateway?
One mile that away.
It's twenty-five seconds to spare.
All aboard.
Now departing Black Hole for Jersey City in all points up.
Hey, let's Dimpy. We made it. We're home free.
Hey, Mr. Bus Driver. Two tickets, please.
Can't you read? Exact change only!
Now what do we do?
Well, we'll probably continue to mutate.
Then our very molecules will more than likely begin to break up.
I'm sure our atoms will disperse slowly throughout the universe.
I guess it's hopeless.
Wait, I have an idea.
I'll set the space-time thingy to our molecular wavelengths,
switch her into reverse, and turn it up to full blast.
And we'll simply implode.
Implode? What's that?
Oh, sorry, Captain. You're a layman, aren't you?
I'll try and explain it in technical terms.
Imploding is like...
No, it's...
Wait, I'll show you.
Dimpy, you're a genius!
Dimpy, I can always count on you when the chips are down.
Let's do it!
Well, there you have it. In just five seconds, we implode.
Been nice knowing you, buddy. You're a good kid.
See you around, pal.
Memories.
Oh, silly me.
I had a whole pocket full of change all the time.
Kind of ironic, uh, Ren.
And just look at all these high-fashion outfits and accessories!
Like a bride!
Yes, girls have endless hours of fun playing dress-up with new high-fashion log!
And don't forget dream date log!
Isn't it romantic?
Girls just love high-fashion log!
Yes, log. All kids love log.
Jammerily,には.
Friends, Dimpy and Snick will be back after these messages...
When you get right down to it, life is toughen-up already without a bullyinging's hothead
It was time for revenge!
and me, Alan.
Today's adventure, then to the teeth.
Hothead had to be destroyed, that much we knew.
But how, and more importantly, who?
Oh, Marty!
The strongest man in the world!
Suddenly, we had the answer.
What's with my hothead?
Like a lime of bean.
So we set up the showdown for after school.
Gusty Lee, insect boy, where'd you care
to dig up this loser?
There wasn't really any mushing as far as I could tell.
Physics makes me strong, hothead.
Physics.
But I had a feeling hothead would leave us alone for a while.
You're any hat-shaped human?
I bet you ride a Schwinn.
Schwinn rider?
I'm getting out of here.
Come back, you eater of cheeses!
Tonight, the roundhouse takes on technology,
electronic that would stupefy any tad.
Well, well, well.
All right.
He sees it fit up your nose and high-tech party mufflers
when Nick takes you to the roundhouse on slick.
From Walt Disney Pictures, when these angels meet a real angel.
No one can see me but you.
Amazing things start to happen.
Unbelievable!
How do you do that?
It must have been those chili dogs that looked before you.
Sorry!
This summer, there's magic in the air.
Oh!
And angels in the outfield.
He could have it.
Rated PG starts Wednesday, July 13th at a theater near you.
This summer, wherever you find crush,
you'll find Sylvester and Tweety.
I collect all three tits.
Just collect crush proofs of purchase
from specially marked 12 packs of 2-liter bottles,
and you can get free Sylvester and Tweety merchandise.
Oh, pretty tits.
Like tattoos, t-shirts, and watches.
I don't feel like a fluff drink.
So load up a irresistible fruit-flavored crush today
and puff for a fuck of ass.
Catch the crush.
Not so bad.
Play catch the crush.
And you can win a trip to Hollywood, Curzium Crush,
continental airlines, and guest quarters hotels.
Hey, hey.
What's it feel like to get hit with $200,000 all at once?
What?
With Jersey Cash 5 from the New Jersey Lottery,
you can win $200,000 for one big hit, one single pair.
And you have a spicy week.
Play Jersey Cash 5 every Tuesday and Friday for just a buck.
It'll hit you all at once.
Who puts more happy in happy birthday?
Dairy Queen.
Our frozen cakes, made with chocolate and vanilla soft-serve,
chocolate crunch and fudge are custom-decorated.
We make happy birthdays a piece of cake
and try our great-tasting treats like the dilly bar,
the buster bar, the DQ sandwich,
or the fudge nut bar.
We treat you right, Dairy Queen.
And now, back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
Hey, Ren.
What?
Will you help me try out my new inventions?
Go away. I'm busy.
Come on, Ren. I need your help.
Oh, please!
Huh?
All right, all right. Sure.
All right, Stimpy. I'm losing my patience.
Let's get this over with.
And, ladies and gents, I give you the cheese-o-foam.
Now we can talk to cheese anywhere in the world,
regardless of their foreign tongues.
Go ahead, Ren. Say something in Limburger.
Will you hurry so I can finish my paper?
Check this out, Ren. It's the remote control shaver.
Now you can get a clean-clothes shave without even being there.
Observe.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
Here, Ren, for you.
What is it? Go ahead. Open it.
What are they?
They're my latest invention.
Staport socks. They never fall down.
Say, now that's a good idea,
especially for those of us who don't wear clothes.
Why, it's amazing. How do they work?
They're full of glue.
I'm so glad you like them, Ren. Wait here.
I'll go get the Staport hat and raincoat.
You feel me, swine? I will kill you.
Hey, what's the matter, Ren?
You say. You don't suppose.
He's unhappy.
I know now what I must do.
I must use my gift of invention to save Ren.
Are you feeling any better?
No, I'm not feeling any better.
Wait, what are you up to?
Oh, nothing.
What have you got behind your back?
You're hiding something from me.
Aren't you?
What is it you're hiding?
All right, let's see it.
Okay, hand it over.
What is this thing?
Get it off of me.
It's the happy helmet, Ren.
Now you'll always be happy.
And this is the remote control.
And I use this dial to control how happy you are.
You sick little monkey.
Why, I ought to...
Hey, it works.
What's happening must do?
Wonderful things for my best friend, Stippy.
I love to clean filthy cat boxes.
Ren, I've got a surprise for you.
Come out, come out wherever you are.
Hey, maybe Ren is somewhere being sad.
I will make him happy again.
Ren, oh, Ren.
Boy, Ren, if you think you're happy now,
where do you hear this?
It's a record of my favorite song.
It's called Happy Happy Joy Joy.
Oh, boys and girls, this is your old pal, Stinky Whizzleteats.
This is a song about a quail.
No.
This is a song about being happy.
That's right.
It's the Happy Happy Joy Joy song.
Happy Happy Joy Joy, Happy Happy Joy Joy.
Happy Happy Joy Joy, Joy Joy Joy.
I don't think you're happy enough.
That's right.
I'll teach you to be happy.
I'll teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
Now, boys and girls, let's try it again.
Happy Happy Joy Joy, Happy Happy Joy Joy.
If when you ain't the granddaddy of all liars,
little critters of nature, they don't know that they're ugly.
That's very funny.
A fly marrying a bumblebee.
I told you I'd shoot, but you didn't believe me.
Ren, you're angry?
I'm angry.
I have never been this angry.
I feel great.
I love being angry.
Thank you, Stimpy.
Happy to be of service.
It's time for Ask Dr. Stupid
with your host, Dr. Stupid.
Oh, hello there.
Doctor, here's a letter from Jennifer from Bent Arm Pit, Wyoming.
And she asks,
Dear Dr. Stupid,
what is that ugly white slab in my can of beans?
That's a very good question, Jennifer.
I'd better put on my patented stupometer on helmet.
Prepare to activate.
The answer's simple, really.
Jennifer, that ugly white slab in your can of beans is
the queen bean.
And all the other beans are the worker beans that serve her.
Thank you, Dr. Stupid.
Tune in next time for Ask Dr. Stupid.
Here are three early warning signs
that are you afraid of the dark is next.
One, the wind is gusting up.
Two, it's Saturday night on Nickelodeon.
And three, chihuahuas everywhere are ralphing.
You sick little monkey.
You're afraid of the dark is next on Snick.
Oh, no.
Riding a horse could be great,
but sitting on the big orange couch is the only way to snick.
Easier on a read or two.
Who's responsible for this?
Nick's gonna tell who makes Ren and Stimpy meet Bob.
I'm the creative director and Jim.
I'm the producer.
A producer is the guy that tells the artist what to do.
And then, when the cartoon's done, it takes all the credit.
When I was a kid, I was really silly.
Bob is about 80% Stimpy and about 20% Ren.
We're all crazy.
That's a big secret.
Now you know who's responsible for Ren and Stimpy.
Don't tell anybody, okay?
I'm the only network for you.
How do they cram all that gram into golden gram?
Hey, maybe they take this big gram cracker.
How do they get all that crunchy gram cracker taste
into every honey sweet square?
Or maybe they.
Part of this complete breakfast,
golden grams crammed with gram.
But how?
This is Joey! This is Joey!
Write, type, and don't take.
Really, really good stuff.
The extra triclycerides.
Tired of the same old reading material.
What's so gross about the national product?
Isn't it time for a magazine that speaks your language?
Now, from the only network for kids,
just get a grown-up to call 1-800-832-5100 to order.
And you can get inside a gym teacher's brain.
Learn the most annoying car songs.
Search through the world's messiest bedroom and much more.
Can you really teach a spider to fetch?
That's 1-800-832-5100 for six colorful,
side-splitting issues of Nickelodeon magazine,
each with a comic book inside.
It's 997 and only grown-up should call, so...
So write it down and tell your parents.
Don't delay.
And get the magazine that's just for kids.
Forget it, dad.
Not everybody...
I'd burn that if I were you.
Hey, yours isn't any better.
Gary, is that you?
You look exactly the same.
Gee, thanks.
Look at Sammy Kindergarten.
What a dork.
And just so you guys don't think I'm getting away with anything,
this is me in first grade.
Cute.
So why do we have to bring these things anyway?
Because photos tell the future.
You?
Sure.
Look at Gary's picture.
You can already tell he's going to be very serious.
And look at Kiki's smile.
You know she's going to be troubled.
Oh, you got that right.
What does that dumb look on Frank's face mean?
Don't push me, little skid marker.
Seriously, you can learn all sorts of stuff from pictures.
The question is, do you really want to know what the future has in store?
Or is it better off being a surprise?
You might say you want to know,
but what if you discovered that the future held something incredibly evil?
And there was nothing you could do to change it.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story,
Tale of the Curious Camera.
Next.
Some kids are born to lead.
Others to follow.
And some kids, like Matt Dorney,
are just born victims.
You're Matt.
You read this book?
No.
Well, are you sure you haven't read it?
Here, look closer.
Guess I was wrong. The book read you.
Oh, no, leave it.
It looks good.
I said, leave it.
Next.
Let's catch up.
Smile for the birdie.
Smile. Good.
Stars with snuff.
That's for adventures.
We go on to practice today, guys.
Now, don't forget.
We play Eastern Friday night.
It gives four o'clock with or without you.
Here you go, Dorney.
Jason, you're practice, guys.
What's the hustle of that?
Hello?
Anyone home?
You don't bother wiping your feet.
It's a mess in here already.
Want some tea?
No thanks, I...
I came by my pictures.
You were at my school last week?
The basketball team?
Oh, yeah.
A catch-up kit. What is it?
Hey, you want some more prints?
Not exactly.
Now you know.
I used to be a pretty decent photographer.
Always reveal the inner man. That was my model.
What's your motto now?
Take cash because checks bounce.
Whoa.
What is this?
It's my picture. Must be some mistake.
No mistake.
This is your portrait, all right?
But...
I'm wrong.
No one notices you, right?
You let people walk all over you.
You don't take action.
In other words, camera never lies.
I'm not paid for real pictures.
She'd kill me if I gave her that.
Too bad it's a striking resemblance.
Come on, can you just take another one?
Hey, sorry, no can do.
One per customer.
And I don't give refunds.
Great.
But maybe I can give you something to make up for.
What?
Like maybe a camera?
Wait, does that have an extra one lying around?
As a matter of fact, I do.
There's this one camera
I think might be just the thing
for a kid like you.
Really?
Oh, absolutely.
It's one of a kind.
One of the first instant picture cameras.
A prototype from the 1940s.
This thing really works?
Oh, it really works.
Only if you really want it.
Oh, I want it. Awesome, thanks.
Hey, listen kid.
You be careful with that.
Sometimes it kind of...
Never mind.
I'll be careful, I swear.
Oh, and kid,
I think it's still got some film in it.
Film must be old.
Take my picture.
Forget it.
I cracked the lens.
I didn't do it.
Mom's not going to like this.
Mr. Park, you don't mind if we...
Thanks.
That doesn't slide, right?
Try this.
You're a total butt head.
What'd you say?
I heard you got the wrong end of a brain transplant.
Any truth to that?
Why, you stinkin' little...
Won't have all day.
I'll cripple you later, you little dweeve.
Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
Tonight,
The Roundhouse takes on...
Technology.
Electronic stuff will stupefy any time.
Well, well, well...
PC's that fit up your nose
and high-tech party mufflers
when Nick takes you to the Roundhouse on slick.
I said clean up your room.
This isn't a game.
Son, the art's not done.
You think this is a game?
No way.
But this is.
Blockbuster Video gives you more action.
More challenges.
The newest and hottest
video games you crave.
In my day, life with a challenge.
Not a game.
Well, now it's both.
That's Blockbuster Video
where the challenge never ends.
One more drop.
Yes, this is it.
Whoa!
What's up, Uncle Toucan?
Eureka boys, I've just made
berry purple fruit loops.
Yes, let's see how berry goes
with orange, lemon, lime, and cherry.
Cool, Uncle. Let's try them.
All right.
They taste delicious.
And they do.
Yeah, they're very good.
And they're going to be
very big news.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Jody Chung.
Yep.
Lisa Elliott.
Ah, maybe.
Jim Stepanara.
Yep.
Ben Cloudzen.
Ah, maybe.
Tony Krieger.
That's a definitely.
Matt, did you take my markers?
Uh, yeah.
I'm just trying to figure out who in my class deserves
to have their picture taken.
Run that by me again?
Can you promise to keep a secret?
Well, it doesn't sound weird,
but you know that guy that took
the basketball pictures last week?
Yeah.
Well, he gave me this.
It's like
some kind of magic camera.
Whenever I take a picture,
something bad happens to the thing I shoot.
Warm.
Okay.
Have you totally lost your mind
or is this some kind of sick joke?
Where's the truth? Watch.
You see that over there?
Watch.
Hey, just hold on. Wait.
That's really great.
It's gotta be jammed or something. Just hold on.
I'm going back to planet Earth, okay?
Amy, just wait.
Amy, wait!
Stop, man. You don't believe you.
Watch out!
I still can't believe it.
What are you doing?
What's this one?
Let me see it.
Amy, this isn't on the picture.
It's in the picture.
It's weird. It's on all of them.
It almost looks like...
What do you see?
I think we got company.
So, Calhoun, it's me and Matt Dornie.
I want...
Excuse me, I'm looking for someone who needs to work.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm in Milano on Friday.
Perry on the weekend.
I'll call you from the plane, I promise.
So I'll move in a party.
Ciao, better.
Calhoun?
Oh, it's you.
Look, I'm really late for a shoot.
This girl and I gotta talk to you about the camera.
Sorry, I can't fly.
Mr. Calhoun, the camera.
Look, kid, I had that camera for 20 years
and for 20 years it gave me nothing but bad luck.
I give it to you and voila!
Bad luck gone and the phone's ringing out the hook.
Hallelujah! My life's just begun!
Mr. Calhoun, I don't understand what...
Look, kid, I used to be just like you.
Afraid of life, afraid of everything.
When that camera came into my life,
I thought all my troubles were over.
That camera meant power.
Except the only power it had was over me.
It destroys everything it shoots.
Don't let it destroy you!
Mr. Calhoun, what is it?
You saw the pictures.
Have you seen the gremlin yet?
Gremlin? The little thing on all the pictures?
Yeah, that little thing.
Near as I can figure. It's all that little monster's fault.
What it is? I don't know.
And hey, I don't care anyway.
Mr. Calhoun, I don't want it. You got to take it back.
Sorry, I couldn't take it back if I wanted to.
You can't give it away.
I know, I tried a thousand times.
You gave it to me?
No, I handed it to you.
That camera chose you just like it chose me.
Well, maybe someday you can get rid of it too.
Until then.
I feel sorry for you.
I'm sorry.
Mr. Darling!
On the ammo.
Aren't you supposed to say cheese when you aim that thing?
Where are you going?
Movies, then. We're late.
You can't. I mean, don't go.
We haven't been out in weeks, honey. It's only a movie.
Besides, you wouldn't be interested. It's got dialogue.
But you might have an accident.
Don't be silly.
You can't go. Don't go, please.
What's got mean to you?
I can't explain it. Just trust me, don't go.
Listen, we'll talk about it when we get back, okay?
You got to go. Bye.
You wouldn't take it.
Amy, it just took a picture of my dad.
Don't look at it.
If we don't look at it, maybe it won't happen.
We have to.
Oh, no, we got to do something.
Dad should do it.
I know, but what if the camera is already...
Smash that camera in the face.
You forget it!
We got to do something.
Matt, it's going to get Mom and Dad.
I got an idea.
What are you doing?
I don't know if it's going to work, but it's worth a try.
Get down.
Okay, let's see what this thing does to itself.
Ready?
One.
Two.
And three.
Yes. Hello?
Hi, Matt. It's Dad.
Your mom and I are on the side of the road.
What happened? Are you guys all right?
No, no, no. We're okay. We're fine.
Only some fool truck nearly ran us off the road.
We missed the movie, so we'll be home soon.
Okay?
Okay, bye.
They're okay. They're on their way home.
Man, I thought they were goners.
Yeah! What's the matter?
You don't think so.
Get down!
What's going on?
The gorilla is in the cam corner.
Is it safe?
It was right about the camera.
It destroys everything it shoots.
A dude was figuring out how to tell Mom and Dad.
So, can I have my picture back?
Sure. But first, I want to get a group shot.
It's only a prof in Dad's store.
Why are they so scared of?
Gee, I don't know.
That was scary. You know, whenever my life gets me so down,
I know I can go down to wear the music
and the fun never ends.
And you can, too.
Hi, Natalie and you here from Roundhouse,
on SNCC. So, stay tuned.
Catch more SNCC after this.
From the schoolyards and playground,
they came to the athletes
of Nickelodeon Guts.
Competitive, sure.
But when it's all over,
they shake hands and say,
Hi, Mom.
Don't miss the athletes of Guts
when they go head to head on Nickelodeon Guts
every weekend at 6.30, 5.30 Central
on the first kid network, Guts.
The network's Nickelodeon
a place that kids count on.
It's a place where kids stay.
When the schoolyards are looking for action,
you can turn to nixle every place
you'll get satisfaction.
It's got to be fun.
That's Nickelodeon
and it's done every day.
Now, Ace Ventura Pet Detectives on video.
Taste it. Yummy.
Smell it.
Do not go in there.
Woo!
Buy it. Ace Ventura Pet Detectives.
Now for sale on video.
This summer, wherever you find Crush,
you'll find Sylvester and Tweety.
I collect 12 pretty kids.
Just collect Crush proofs of purchase
from specially marked 12 packs and 2 liter bottles
and you can get free Sylvester and Tweety merchandise.
Oh, pretty kids.
Like tattoos, t-shirts and watches.
I don't feel like a fuff drink.
So load up a irresistible fruit flavored Crush today
and fuff for a fuck-a-pass.
Catch the Crush.
Play Catch the Crush
and you can win a trip to Hollywood, courtesy of Crush,
continental airlines and guest quarters hotels.
All right, Sean. Point out the animal.
What did this to you?
The beast is back.
Now with 100 levels of pain,
Donkey Kong. New for Game Boy.
Introducing the all new Super Soaker 60.
Advanced Super Soaker technology
combined with a lightweight and
maneuverable frame.
All with a bigger water tank
so you can hose down just about anybody.
It's the best of both worlds.
The Super Soaker 60.
Also available with pocket size 10.
Nickelodeon's planning to make a new show.
But we won't be able to.
Without you.
Because you are gonna write it.
You are gonna make you to you.
So get this address.
U2U, care of Nickelodeon Studios.
PO Box 692229
Orlando, Florida 32869
include your name, age, address and phone number.
Write your own stories
and send them to U2U.
And we'll turn them into cartoons.
Draw your own pictures or new characters
and we'll put them into comic strips.
Write your own songs
and we'll make them into music videos.
Send us your jokes, drawings, poems,
questions for your favorite celebrities,
blueprints for a new rocket ship,
ideas for new video games, offers.
If you think we can use it, send it.
And don't be surprised if what you see
is what you sent.
Of course we can't use everything and we're sorry
we can't return anything you send us.
Ask your parents permission first.
Then send your stuff to U2U.
The only show connecting you to every you out there.
On the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
Tremble.
Tackle.
Freak.
Cringe.
Snip.
Tatted's drawbacks.
Soon man created tools to make things easier.
Dance technology becomes the more dangerous it is.
Wonder if somewhere in a different world
this scene is taking place.
This meeting has come to order.
Ms. Pitcher too will read the progress report.
Thank you Mr. Dyer.
We now have at least two televisions
in every moment.
Can't spend countless hours staring at a TV screen.
How are things in your department Mr. Microchip?
We have millions of VCRs all over the world.
Outflashing in unison.
12.
This will hypnotize the humans into a state of
semi-consciousness.
And then we can take over the world.
Aesthetic cheering and shouting.
Hip hip hooray.
Not so fast Mr. Diode.
There is still a problem.
What problem is that Mr. Rectifier?
There are millions of kids out playing sports.
Enjoying nature.
And other disgusting.
I prefer to reinvent games, combining TVs
and computers to keep these humanoids
glued to the screen where they belong.
Excellent plan. Hand shaking and back petting.
I am.
Lick the mutant dude.
Come on. Lick the mutant.
Game over.
Why don't you get out of the house
every once in a while.
Do what every red-blooded American boy
is supposed to do.
Try talking to a girl.
Oh, you mean interface?
Yeah. Why don't you boot up your hard drive
and check out a couple of floppy disks.
Aw.
Hey Dave, how you doing?
Remember me?
Nope. The face doesn't ring a bell.
Men are such fools.
Why can't I get a guy to look me in the eye?
I've got brains.
Problems.
Don't despair because I stare at your pair.
Try to cross your eyes, bruh, from Playspec.
To cross your eyes, bruh,
we'll train a man's gaze on those big baby blues.
You'll have actual conversations
with actual men or your money back.
Hey, four eyes,
what do you say we go get a milkshake
and just talk?
Thanks to Cross Your Eyes, bruh.
My vision's 2020-38-38.
To cross your eyes, bruh, from Playspec.
Now boys will make passes
at girls who wear glasses.
This is just a reminder.
The school has received a very generous donation
of computer equipment from Mr. Biod.
Now the students can fail
in a fraction of the time it used to take.
Aw.
Football players, you have to have a 2.5 grade point average
in order to play in the big game this Friday
that all you folks at home get all that information.
Good lunchtime.
You gonna eat your roll?
No, you're not. Listen up, squirt.
I need you to help me with something.
The round one is the spoon
and the one with the pointy things is the fork.
Oh, yeah. Thanks.
Hey, tell me where the big computer is.
I know my way around Aram.
Do you know about Ram?
Sure. Good.
Either break into the school computer and change my grades
or I'm gonna ram my fist down your throat.
Next talking to you.
Hey, you gonna eat your roll?
I didn't eat it already.
Listen, Duke wants me to help him cheat
and I can't do that.
I'm gonna give you an assistant that lets you
tap into your school's computer
with just a few simple keystrokes
you can become valedictorian on the highest score
on the SAT and even get a full scholarship to Harvard.
There, I just selected you home coming green.
But my parents would kill me if they found out.
Not a chance.
Prada cheats fun for the whole family.
Mom can use it to add funds to the family checking account
and Dad likes the special felony program
to embezzle funds from his company.
I want one for my family.
Wait a minute. Doesn't your dad work in politics?
I'm sure he already subscribed.
Just get the money to pull you next to a poor card.
Cheating's not the answer.
I'm a smart guy who could figure a way out of this
whereas Duke is a big strong guy
who could beat me up half to death.
Well, I say run like a bat out of hell.
I could beat this guy intellectually.
It's a classic case of brains versus brawn.
Welcome to another edition of
Win, Lose of Brawl,
the game show that pits brains against brawn.
Hi, I'm Mac McMurray.
Try saying that three times real fast.
Mac McMurray, Mac McMurray, Mac McMurray.
You see, I can't even say it
and it's my own dang name.
Okay.
Today we have AV Club president, honor student
and certified computer geek Dave
against Duke. Duke, your hobbies
are grunting and beating up on kids smaller than you.
Yeah, what about it?
And Dave, your hobbies are computers
and trying not to get this snot knocked out of you.
That's about it, Bill. Okay, Dave.
It's your wits against Duke's fists
and here to tell us what you could win
is the money to molly.
The coin toss because you're the only one
that can tell the difference between heads or tails.
I'll try biting sarcasm for 100, Bill.
Yeah, and I'll just try biting.
Ow!
I refuse to have a battle of wits
with an unarmed man.
Oh, sorry, Dave.
In order for sarcasm to work, the other person has to actually understand
that you're making fun of him.
I'll try repeated blows to the head
for 300, Bill.
In that case, I'll try reason and logic
for 100. If I break into the school computer
I'll get suspended. Besides, it's not right.
Well, I admire your integrity.
Bill, I'll take kidney
punches for the heck of it.
Indian burns because I can.
And purple nurples!
You need to think it's all fast.
In that case, I'll try running like a bat
out of hell for a thousand, Bill.
Roundhouse and the big orange couch
will sneak again after this.
We're here at Nickelodeon Studios
asking kids why we celebrate July 4th.
Well, a long time ago on July 4th
in 1776. All these people got together
and they made a declaration
of independence. They decided to make a country
which they called the United States of America.
Which gave kids right
to speak out and say what they want.
Where they want, when they want.
I'm Jennifer from Miami, Florida
wishing you a happy 4th of July
from Nickelodeon Studios
at Universal Studios
in Orlando, Florida.
One moment our kids are in their room
across the hall. Next moment
they're across the country.
Is it lonely for them? Exciting?
As parents, we want them to call home
as easily as they used to call us
from the backyard. AT&T
announces true ties.
It's an affordable personal 800 number
for your home. So loved ones can call
you freely and you pay for the call.
A true ties 800 number
costs just $4.50 a month
plus usage. Call now and you'll get
20% off all your 800 calls.
Sign up today. Call
1800 AT&T Ties
extension 13. Eating our kids our 800
number says. You're far away
but hey we're still within your shop.
Sign up for your true ties personal
800 number today. Call
1800 AT&T Ties. Call now
and you'll get 20% off all your
800 calls. With true ties
your kids are free to call you anytime.
Are you coming through
your truth?
We now return to Roundhouse
and Snick. Only on Nick.
I don't know.
Hey, words out.
You're just going to be waiting for you at school.
I know. That's why I'm not going.
Mom will never go for that.
Dave, Scotty, are you ready to catch the bus?
I have a plan.
Oh mom, I can't go to school
today. I'm afraid.
I mean, I'm afraid I don't feel so good.
My stomach hurts. Your stomach, huh?
Sure. Pick an organ I can't stick a thermometer
into. You do not look
sick to me young man. But I am.
I can prove it. Just can't seem
to stomach the thought of school. Then get
big sputans guaranteed to make you blow
cookies fast. Eat one and in no time
at all you'll be calling Hugh on the big wife porcelain
phone.
Oh wow.
Big sputans make barfing a breeze.
Oh my goodness, son, I want you out
of this sketch and into bed right now.
I don't even think about going to school for a whole week.
Big sputans.
But when you need to spew, I'm coming.
Well, oh now just a dang dang
minute.
Pardon my language, but this won't do.
All right.
My dander is up and I'm just going to
have to go ahead and let it all out.
Found it! Sorry that
boys had to hear that.
But you get your deceptive little, dare
I say it, heinie.
Just go.
Right this minute.
Wow.
She was really mad. I know.
I thought she was going to say, you know,
Shuckins. Shuckins.
Oh man.
Well, might as well
help Duke cheat. I mean, I doubt
I'll get caught. Besides, how bad could it be?
Okay, class.
Today we'll be having a little
pop oral exam on Chapter 7.
Lesta, what did you learn
about Uranus? My what?
School with you, Linda.
Oh man, I didn't study that chapter either.
What am I going to do? First getting computers
that sat on your desk. Then came computers
that fit in the palm of your hand.
Now from Apple seed, it's the personal computer.
The computer's so small, it fits right
up your nose. So the answers
are always at your fingertips.
Scotty, can you tell us
about Uranus? Uh,
searching. Um,
file not found.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay.
Um, diameter, 32,000
miles, orbits the sun every
84 years.
Excellent. Thank you, Mrs.
Furburger. That's the new personal
nasal computer from Apple seed.
Why pick the answers out of the air
when you can pick them right out of your nose?
Wait a minute, wait a minute,
wait a minute.
You're using an Apple seed
computer. This school will not tolerate cheating
young men. Now I want that computer right now.
Come on. One more.
Let's go. I guess it could be
pretty bad after all.
Have you run into Duke yet? How did you find me?
I was doing my best locker impression.
Man, sometimes I wish
I could just disappear. Careful what
you wish for, kid. Hi, it's me Marty
again with my friend Walnut. Walnut gets
to travel all around the world to all different
kinds of places but nobody ever notices
them. They always say, where's
Walnut? It all started with Walnut
with a kid. Walnut,
would you like this last piece
of pie? Sure, Wal. I hate
to throw it away. Can't you see me?
I'll forget it.
Then things got
worse. Watson. Here.
Wallace. Here. Walnut.
Here. Walnut.
Here, I'm right here.
Is that Walnut cutting classes again?
Yeah. Where's Walnut?
I'm right here.
And it became unbearable.
And the winner of the dream date with me, Cindy
Crawfish, is Walnut.
Is Walnut here? Baby, I'm right here.
I'm right here. Let's go.
Baby, are you blind?
I'm wearing a red and white. That's when
Walnut got the Discover Me card.
Can you see me now? Yeah, I see you.
Listen, I got a warrant
for a kid named Walnut.
He's playing hooky from school. You know where
Walnut? Who's he?
I don't know Walnut. I'm on the road.
Walnut. Anybody seen Walnut?
Where's Walnut?
It's in the early years.
Available now in bookstores. If you can find it.
I guess there's no use
in trying to disappear. Duke's bound to find me.
Boy, I just saw Duke working out.
He broke the barbells.
And he'll be in your sixth period. Clap!
Yeah, well I won't. You're cutting?
Well, let's just say I'm taking a little
vacation for my health. I'm going to the
hospital. Okay.
We will now have a progress report from
Mr. Rectifier.
The video games are working perfectly.
Not only do kids play them, but they pay
us to play them.
We trick them into thinking they are
doing something great. Some of them even
think they are defending the entire
universe.
Juniors!
The only trouble is
on-house
and the big orange couch will
be gone after this.
There. Clean.
Here. Give.
There's a lot of things that kids can do.
You can go to a shelter and help
serve the food, donate clothing to
charities and stuff.
You can also help have a side clean.
You can even clean your sidewalk.
Nickelodeon wants to know how you're
helping. You might be doing things that
we've never even thought of. So write them
down and send them to
Nickelodeon PO Box
and with your help, Nickelodeon will make
a giant list. So kids everywhere can find
out new ways to make a difference.
Kids can help when time passes.
You can ask the people not to give
you like plastic spoons and fork.
You can help the elderly
people by blending in here.
You can help kids across the street
or you can read a book to them if they like.
You can help an animal by adopting it.
Help!
We now return
to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
Let's go to settle with you. Wait Duke,
before you kill me, let me help you pass
on your own. I'll tutor you. Hey,
no guys ever tuted me. It just means
I want to teach you. Okay, we'll start
with math. Now, let's say you have
two monies and the store wants
three monies for a piece of gum. How
many more monies do you need?
Let's forget tutoring. We can use
high technology. You can listen to tapes
while you sleep. Everything you need to know
when you wake up, you'll know it all. This
better work. Trust me, it'll work.
This better work.
Duke was supposed to be sleep learning,
but I accidentally put in the wrong tape.
Well, he'll do fine if there's a lot of
questions on the test about hooked on
show tunes. Solve mystery.
Lyle Lovett and Julia Roberts.
Don't you hate it when
a bulk tube goes on a blank?
I, however, know a great deal
about fixing sophisticated machinery.
And now I'm going to share it all
with you. In my new instructional
video, that's TV and VCR
repair. Take a gander at
my very clever repair methods.
Junior, this is called
the frozen child reception improvement
device. A little more to the left,
a little more to the right, back up.
Perfect. And check out this little
scientific wonder. Scotty, bring in
the high tech hardware. Well,
it looks like we're getting all channeled
to you in parts of 11. But you can't
take much more, Captain. This TV
hasn't worked this well since I stole it
from that motel. Honey, show
them the satellite equipment.
That's Dad's TV and VCR
repair. Act now and I'll send
your free remote control at your program
just by talking to it. Like this. Reach over
and change the channel, Dipstick. This one
idiot is ruining all of our plants, too. Take
over the earth. The brainwashing isn't
working. You have to have a brain to be
brainwashed. Look at that. He actually likes
the VCR. Well,
well, well, I
love this. It's right twice a day, noon
and midnight. 12, 12,
12. All right.
Worrying and hair-pulling.
Speaking about the not-so-silent but deadly
eruption of Mount Vesuvius.
Perfect. Oh, man. Oh,
man. Oh, man. What's wrong,
dude? I knew I shouldn't have had that egg
salad and bean sandwich. Now I've got to
slice the Swiss. Cowabunga, dude!
Let her rip! I can't send any
teamers and sitting right there. If I blow
a trouser cloud, she'll never go out with
me. That's why you need
Putmute, the new butt
muffler from Heineke. With
Putmute, you can toot toot
and nobody can hear a thing. Just
attach Putmute to your rear fender
and fire those air biscuits out of
the oven. They won't hear a
thing. Now, if you don't want
them to, our exclusive toosh
design keeps your colon quiet.
But Putmute's rum synthesizer
also camouflages those gaseous
eruptions into pleasant sounds
like a doorbell.
Wild symphony in my
shorts.
So the next time you're trying to
squash a seed sausage, get
Putmute and set it free with Heineke.
I'm really sorry about what happened,
man. I'll get you into the football game somehow.
Never mind. I don't care about football
anymore. I just want to sing show
tunes.
I'm putting on my tap shoes, roll
up my pant leg, and paint the town.
On you two big pilot tubes
I'm mission diving for dollars.
I've seen enough for the pluck
on this idiot...
Hey, it went off completely.
Wow. My portable CD player went on too.
Everything electronic in the whole house
is off. What do we do now?
Well, I guess we could talk to each
member and later we spent the whole evening
without electronics and it wasn't that bad.
Yeah, but I bet there's one electronic thing
that still works.
What's that, hon?
We're freezing theme songs and roll of credits.
Now that you've gone down
to the roundhouse, don't
let the rockin' stop. Get back
the buzz with the Garuvia's TV family ever to shake a tambourine. The Partridge family
next on Nick and I.
Roundhouse is taped before live studio audience at CBS Studio Center, Hollywood, California.
Peace.
Time flies when you snick. That's all for tonight. But Nick snicks again next week.
It'll be snicker-ific, snick-tastic, snick-tacky. It'll be. So make sure you're here every
Saturday night when your clock strikes your snick.
More unstoppable and doing some natural. You're trying your best and not all things are possible.
Folding some folding thing you're holding. Put some things in curl, reach together, you're molding.
Short shot, two o'clock, on top, not soft. Go get a good sport, good times. You got your see your goal.
You're reaching your rabbit. Now ask yourself.
Do you have it?
Can't be wrong. Having ledge fights. Fishing, climbing fences, climbing trees.
Playing in sprinklers. Playing in the lake. Jumping ropes.
Summertime makes me feel good. Yeah.
Hey, MCI customers. 20% is the discount you expect from MCI friends and family basic.
But the average savings on your bill is only 6%. We call that MCI map.
When you look at your bill, the person you call has to be an MCI customer and in your circle.
Or you don't get 20%. Now some true math from AT&T.
20% is what we promised and 20% is what you get off your bill.
That's AT&T true USA savings. Spend $25 a month on AT&T long distance
and save 20% on your AT&T calls to everyone in the USA anytime guaranteed.
Fact is two out of three friends and family basic or prime time customers
will save more with AT&T. Call 1-800-PICK-AT-T.
Switching's free and you'll save 20% with AT&T true USA savings.
Call now.